Want to acquire shares
To achieve the purpose of absolute controlling stake
At least 51% of the shares are required
But after delivery
But it holds more than 35% of the shares
Then add other heavy players
15% of the original shares.
Even if all the fractional shares on the market
All acquired
Plus 0, it's only 52%.
He has a 35% stake in the basket giver
5% of them
Under the collar reserve statement
Now this part of the shares
Missing my water
In this case, there is no problem with the share ratio
But the capital investment required
It's going to be an astronomical number.
Jingyao is right
Lin's through cooperation with our Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Shares keep soaring
Especially after the official news from the capital was released
Plus some gossip from the center
Now I want to acquire Lin's
At least 200 billion in liquidity is required
200 billion is no small matter
My current market value of Zhang's is nothing more than that
Although the market value of the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce is over trillion
But there is no way
Take out so much liquidity at one time
200 billion on this card.
Enough to acquire 03 shares of the provisional group